Minutes.txt

24-09-2018

Where: Jay's Desk and Hari's lab.
Who: Lance, Hari, Jay

Details:
   The main fields used to vary Motioncor2 runs are:
       PixelSize, Patches, BFactor, Voltage, GainFile, GPU
   Hide the other fields on a tab so they are still accessable.


   Hari is running some software called Warp in a Windows machine.
   Switching between the Windows and M3 is making the workflow messy.

Actions:
   Jay: Can Warp be run on M3 ?
     http://www.warpem.com
     Warp has been written in C#. After reading the website, the WARP backend could thoeretically be compiled on Linux,
     however the front end is not supported due to Windows C++ library dependencies.

   Jay: continue working on the notebook.

15-10-2018
Where: Jay's Desk.
Who: Hari, George, Jay

Details: Discussed the questions document created by George, Jay.
  Outcomes are described in the document.
  Agreed to meet again to continue discussion document questions.
  Refer to Google Doc for details

Actions: Jay to continue progressing the Notebook development using feedback
stored in the document.

18-10-2017
  Where: eResearch Meeting room (Orange).
  Who: Hari,  Jay

Details: Further discussion of document/requirements.
    Outcomes are described in the document.

Actions: Jay to continue progressing the Notebook development using feedback
stored in the document.

12-11-2018
Where: eResearch Breakout Room 39
Who: Hari, Jay

Details: Discussed workflow mode. Jay asked Hari to test the functionality.
	 Jay showed Hari the Ctf Review functionality which displays the ctf micrographs.

	To improve this functionality, The native call to Gctf will be replaced with a
  call to the Relion wrapped version: "relion_run_ctffind". It uses gctf 1.06, we
  should be using that version too, as 1.18 is different. The wrapped version
  supports "other options" to support gctf options not on the Relion screens.

	The 'Ctf review' screen should contain the following fields 'Defocus U,
  Defocus V, Defocus Angle, Voltage, Spherical Aberration, Amplitude Contrast,
  Magnification, Detector Pixel Size, Ctf Figure of Merit.

	For each of these fields include a 'from' and 'to' field to allow filtering.
  A 'Filter' button will then trigger which ctf micrographs will be displayed
  to the user.

	A Plot of 'number of mrcs vs Ctf Max Resolution' will allow Hari to visually
   monitor data quality.

	When displaying the ctf micrographs, show two buttons for each:
		- 'Details' which will show all the values
		- 'Original' which will display the input micrograph.

  Add a button to trigger the 'workflow' every 5 minutes.

20-22-2018
Where: eResearch Breakout Room 39
Who: Hari, Jay

Details: Discussed the CtfReview functionality.

  For Gctf v1.06 which fields are required to support multiple values for creating jobs ?
    - as it is currenlty coded is fine.

  For Gautomatch which fields are required to support multiple values for creating jobs ?
    - 'Particle Picking Templates' and 'Pixel Size Template'

  Single program mode will be hardly used. This mode will be defaulted to 'Workflow'

  For running Gctf, default 'Phase Shift Target' to 'Resolution Limit' as the
  'Max Ctf Resolution' needs to be calculated.

  For Gctf input fields, enable/disable the fields on tabs 'Phase Plate' and 'Defocus'
  to ensure they are not used when calling Gctf. This should fix the multiple Refine 2D steps
  being created in the _gctf.log

  Allow for the Ctf results to be ordered by 'Defocus_U', 'Figure of Merit' and 'Ctf
  Max Resolution'

  Use the 'filter' to determine the MRCs for further processing, then save to .star
  file.

  Is the display of the raw MRCs OK ? Yes
